2014.1:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation
 * AXI4LITE Monitoring support
 * Internal device family name change
 * Increased stream FIFO depth options.
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support

2013.4:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Repackaged the IP by adding default values to all the optional input ports and no functional changes
 * Updated core constraints to accommodate helper core (fifo_generator_v11_0) updates
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support

2013.3:
 * Version 5.0
 * Renamed the legacy mode of APM operation as Advanced mode
 * New modes "Profile" and "Trace" added for high level configuration with fixed 6 counter per slot and more static parameters
 * Added ID based filtering/Masking, Outstanding transaction support in Advanced mode for Throughput, latency measurement
 * Additional sampling method support added for non-interrupt based system using memory mapped register read
 * Added example design and demonstration testbench
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Updated synchronizers for clock domain crossing to reduce Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) from metastability

2013.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Enable support for future devices
 * Using metric counters reset bit in control register to reset sampled metric counters as well

2013.1:
 * Version 4.0
 * Lower case ports for Verilog
 * Added External trigger start and stop support to the event log
 * Added Minimum Latency and Maximum Latency Metrics in addition to the Average Latency for the configured ID
 * Updated cross probing to support metric counter ranges to start the event logging

2012.4:
 * Version 3.00.a
 * Added support for cross probing
 * Added support for external trigger start to the event counters
 * Added logging of external events

2012.3:
 * Version 2.01.a
 * Increased the number of external event support to 8
 * Added support any slot any metrics at a time
 * Added support to dynamically reduce the Event Log data

2012.2:
 * Version 2.00.a
 * First Release in Vivado

(c) Copyright 2012 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
